# Temperature-Converter
Welcome to the Temperature Converter Website! This platform is dedicated to simplifying temperature conversions. There are four main temperature scales: Celsius, Fahrenheit, Kelvin, and Rankine. Our website allows you to effortlessly convert between these scales without the hassle of manual calculations.
In CSS there are five generic **font families**:  Serif fonts have a small stroke at the edges of each letter. They create a sense of formality and elegance.(ex of font names->Times New Roman,Georgia,Garamond etc)  Sans-serif fonts have clean lines (no small strokes attached). They create a modern and minimalistic look.(ex of font names->	Arial,Verdana,Helvetica)  Monospace fonts - here all the letters have the same fixed width. They create a mechanical look.(ex of font names->Courier New,Lucida Console,Monaco)  Cursive fonts imitate human handwriting.(ex of font names->Brush Script MT,Lucida Handwriting)   Fantasy fonts are decorative/playful fonts.(ex of font names->Copperplate,Papyrus).
**Web Safe Fonts** Web safe fonts are fonts that are universally installed across all browsers and devices.
**Fallback Fonts**However, there are no 100% completely web safe fonts. There is always a chance that a font is not found or is not installed properly.Therefore, it is very important to always use fallback fonts.This means that you should add a list of similar "backup fonts" in the font-family property. If the first font does not work, the browser will try the next one, and the next one, and so on. Always end the list with a generic font family name.
**Font Weight**The font-weight property specifies the weight of a font. It can be specified as i.e, normal,bold,lighter,or any size.
